This file contains all the translatable text of the VNDB interface.

IMPORTANT: This file is encoded in UTF-8 and uses UNIX-style line endings,
           make sure your text editor is configured to correctly handle this!

The syntax of this file is as follows: empty lines, or lines beginning with a
'#' are ignored by the parser. Each translatable piece of text is identified by
a 'key', this is usually the English text, but can also be a short identifier
starting with an underscore. A key line starts with a colon ':' and is directly
followed by the key itself. The lines following such a key line specify which
text to use for each language. A language text starts with the language tag,
followed by a space or asterisk, followed by a colon, another space, and the
text for that language. Here's an example of a line:

  # this is a comment
  :Age rating
  en : Age rating
  nl*: Minimum leeftijd

In this example, "Age rating" is the 'key', and the lines following are the
translations.  If a line does not have a translation for a particular language,
the system will fall back to the English version (i.e. the string that starts
with 'en:'). If there is no English version, either, it will use the key
itself. The key and the English translation are the same in the above example,
so in that case the translation can be left out entirely:

  # this has the same effect as the previous example
  :Age rating
  nl*: Minimum leeftijd

Because VNDB is in constant development, changes to the interface text are
inevitable, and the translations will get out of sync with the English text
very quickly. To indicate which lines should be synchronised to their English
counterparts, and asterisk is used between the language tag and the colon, as
used in the above examples. As soon as a line is retranslated or synchronised
again by the translator, (s)he should replace the asterick with a space to
indicate that it has been checked.

(Actual processing of this file begins after the following line)
/intro



# Main title of the site, used on header of each page and as title on the homepage
:The Visual Novel Database
ru : База Данных Интерактивных Новелл


# Main menu

:Menu
ru : Меню

:Home
ru : Домой

:Visual novels
ru : Интерактивные новеллы

:Releases
ru : Выпуски

:Producers
ru : Издатели

:Tags
ru : Тэги

:Users
ru : Пользователи

:Recent changes
ru : Последние изменения

:Discussion board
ru : Форум

:FAQ
ru : ЧаВо

:webchat
ru : Веб-чат


